# CPE-487-Final-Project
At first, our project was intended to be an image reader and edge detector. *Add more here*

Our next idea was to create a version of the Depthcharge game from 1977. Depthcharge was a game in which a ship at the top of the screen moved horizontally, and tossed down depth charges at submarines that earned more points the farther down the submarines were.
Our version was going to have a few minor differences. First of all, the depth charges would be released directly under the boat, rather than to the sides. Secondly, there would be mines that randomly floated up from the bottom of the screen that would trigger a game over if they collided with the player boat. Finally, the score would be shown on the seven segment display on the FPGA board rather than the screen itself. 
This plan, however, unfortunently ran into problems. We wanted to repurpose some of the pong code from lab 6 instead of writing all the files from scratch. In doing so, however, our code often didn't synthesize, and when it did, did not give the expected results. This led to us running out of time, and we ultimately decided to simplify the project into it's bare essentials and create a new game. 
This game was called Dodgeball, and it would consist of a player character (a square initialized in the center of the screen) that would be moved with the keyboard, whose goal it was to dodge randomly generated balls initiallized around the edges of the screen. This would allow us to do three main aspects of Depthcharge in a much shorter timeframe. These aspects are the random ball (mine) generation, triggering a game over if a certain sprite got hit by these balls, and using the keyboard to move the player character.
